README.md, before:

# E-Commerce Back End

## Table of contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Deployed application](#deployed-application)
- [GitHub repository](#github-repository)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Demonstration Links](#demonstration-links)

## Description

I have been tasked to build the back end for an e-commerce site by modifying starter code. I’ll configure a working Express.js API to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database.

## Installation

<!-- Step 1 -
Clone repository link into terminal
https://github.com/riz1ash786/e-commerce-back-end

Step 2 -
Open terminal and install dependencies using the following command `npm i` -->

## Usage

<!-- - Enter `mysql -u root -p` to access the database via MySQL.

- Enter `npm start` in terminal to start the application. -->

## Contributing

There are no contributing guidelines at this moment in time. Please check back in the future.

## Tests

No test specified as of yet.

## License

![License (MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT_1.0-brightgreen.svg) <br />
License Name: MIT <br />
License Link: [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Deployed Application

There is no deployed application for this assignment.

## GitHub Repository

https://github.com/riz1ash786/e-commerce-back-end

## Questions

If you have any additional questions then please get in touch via github or email. Thank you.

- Github - https://github.com/riz1ash786
- Email address - riz1ash786@gmail.com

## Screenshot

Employee Tracker Command Line

<!-- ![employee-tracker-command-line](./assets/images/command-line.png) -->

## Demonstration Links

<!-- https://drive.google.com/file/d/13BNQX_uRQM_sw1YTHkKuoxSOsxmUO_pg/view?usp=sharing -->

Commit message:

final readme and video links

README.md, after:

# E-Commerce Back End

## Table of contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Deployed application](#deployed-application)
- [GitHub repository](#github-repository)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Demonstration Links](#demonstration-links)

## Description

I have been tasked to build the back end for an e-commerce site by modifying starter code. I’ll configure a working Express.js API to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database.

## Installation

Start with cloning this repository link on to your local machine:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/riz1ash786/e-commerce-back-end
$ cd e-commerce-back-end
```

To install the required dependencies and set up the application, run:

```
$ npm i
```

You will also need to place a .env file in the root directory of the project, in order to connect to your MySQL database. Here's a specific example:

file: .env

```
DB_USER=root
DB_PW=
DB_NAME=ecommerce_db
```

## Usage

- To connect to the database run` mysql -u root -p`
- Then source the 'schema.sql'
- To seed the file run `npm run seed`
- Finally, to connect to the server run `npm start`

## Contributing

There are no contributing guidelines at this moment in time. Please check back in the future.

## Tests

No test specified as of yet.

## License

![License (MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT_1.0-brightgreen.svg) <br />
License Name: MIT <br />
License Link: [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Deployed Application

There is no deployed application for this assignment.

## GitHub Repository

https://github.com/riz1ash786/e-commerce-back-end

## Questions

If you have any additional questions then please get in touch via github or email. Thank you.

- Github - https://github.com/riz1ash786
- Email - riz1ash786@gmail.com

## Demonstration Links

[Terminal Demo Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1D3Bu132hNN_uVuWsKMOw-5BewqF7ZA37/view?usp=sharing "Terminal Demo Link")

[Insomnia Demo Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lVH3U-wq6OS73NdCWPOA1ye3nHL1hOyO/view?usp=sharing "Insomnia Demo Link")
